Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burr and it's time for the Monday morning podcast for January 23rd,
2017 what's going on our,
yeah.
Oh Man.
What a weekend.
Holy Toledo.
Holy Dayton.
Holy Sydney.
Ollie's,
Cincinnati.
Holy Cleveland.
What a fucker weekend.
I had good Lord.
First of all,
I sat there with an Afghan and some Kleenex and watched the entire women's march
and I have to say I was so moved.
I'll be honest with you,
I haven't watched a second of it.
The only reason why I'm bringing it up just cause like 50,000 people on Twitter.
Like,
dude,
I can't wait to hear your take on the women's March.
I didn't fucking watch it.
I,
I cannot,
I can't.
I,
I did I ever tell you guys how much I believe in protesting,
but how much I can not watch it?
I'm always let down.
I'm always disappointed.
It's always just a bunch of bad chance.
Like I watched the Madonna speech thing.
I did do that.
Okay.
Just because I,
uh,
you know,
I relate to Madonna like her.
I also stayed at the party too long.
You know,
I became the old creepy person's still at the club.
I did it.
I've done it.
I totally get it.
I get it.
She's fucking brilliant,
man.
She goes there,
right?
She knows she has all these eyeballs on her,
so she,
she's done this their entire career.
This is how you stay relevant.
All right.
Long after people give a fuck,
this is how you stay in this.
She goes and she just doesn't give a speech.
I mean,
how easy would it have been to give the speech without dropping the f word?
Right?
But if you do that,
you're not going to get any free presser.
She throws a couple of f bombs in there.
God knows.
I know how that works.
I made a lot of money off that word.
Good for you,
Madge.
Right,
but that's not going to be enough because she's thinking probably in her head,
you know,
I already kind of did the dropping the f bomb thing on the Letterman interview
like 20 years ago.
Critics will be like,
oh,
more of the same from Madonna,
blah,
blah.
I need to take this to a new level.
What does she do?
Threatens to blow up the White House.
Yeah.
Daddy about blowing up the White House.
Did you,
did you really think that you thought about doing that?
But Ghana,
how did you think like,
exactly how were you going to execute this plan?
We're going to put on a Wiley coyote suit and fucking climbed the fence.
The little thing of dynamite going around.
You know when you're backing up with the fucking wire,
Madonna did she,
you didn't think about that.
You just know if you say some shit like that,
it becomes an issue of national security no matter who the fuck says it.
So there you go.
Now you get Fox News going like should we consider this a terrorist threat,
right?
Classic.
And then what does she do?
What is the Cherry on top?
She sings one of her hits songs.
We're now all those women.
How much fucking money do you think she made?
Are you with me?
Yeah.
Do you believe in,
this is off my fourth album,
I believe at first debuted it on on the blonde damn fishing tour goes a little
something like this.
Give me a dollar bay bear.
You can download this song not to Juno.
You know,
I'm,
give me a fucking break.
Fucking ring everybody up there with their fucking,
I dunno,
I couldn't watch it.
Like I had to watch some Madonna thing cause when I heard she did that,
I was like this woman is,
she's fucking brilliant.
That woman is,
she is showbiz 24,
seven.
That's why she's still around.
She did that.
She said she should've gotten booed when she started singing that song.
People should have been like,
is this bitch fucking try to get 99 cents off of me?
I Dunno.
That's the only thing I watched.
It was like five minutes.
Well actually I watched her speech and then I was like,
well I got to hear the song.
She sinks and it was fucking perfect man.
You know,
I love that she sang the Lady Gaga Song.
Um,
anyways,
um,
and of course underneath all of those there was like,
you know,
some 17 minutes speech from Michael Moore.
That's shameless bearish.
Sit out there trolling for pussy,
you know,
play in the under.
I understand card.
I really hate how he dresses like John Goodman when he was on Roseanne.
You know,
he's always walking around with this big dumb fucking,
I just got done working on the on,
you know,
assembling cars that fucking Hattie wares.
I didn't know if there is no fucking with it.
I can't sit through that fucking,
I can't sit through any of it in this,
in this stupid chance.
And we're going to do this and we're going to do that.
And you just want to be like you're not,
you're not,
you're all going to go home.
You're all going to get 50,000 different fucking cars and that's going to be the
end of it.
And y'all are going to get to say that you were there and you put your fucking
fist in the,
I know this is cynical is shit,
but I mean Trump did the same thing.
Did he not his acceptance speech.
Something else I barely saw any of,
I just watched the clips
when it comes,
when it comes to
like all of this type of shit.
I just watched the highlights.
Like,
if you never watched sports and all you did was just watch sports center,
you know what I mean?
But you never watched the game.
That's basically how I watched the ship.
Trump did the exact same thing.
He sitting up there,
Hey,
these,
these corrupt Paul to Church for you to do for themselves.
Well guess what?
It stops.
No.
How Donald,
how does it stop now?
He sounded like a fucking,
some loud drunk in a bar.
Dude.
You know what I would do if I was running stuff?
No,
you,
I kicked them all out.
Anybody takes a dime to fucking earlier.
I mean,
it sounded like he did.
He just rent the untouchables.
It was like Kevin Costner is fucking speech in that movie.
Like what?
You're the president.
This is what I'm worried about.
That guy.
I'm worried about that guy cause he thinks being president is like,
he just bought an old casino and he's going to go in and get all the people that
were fucking,
you know,
loafing around.
He's going to fire them and then replace them with,
it's like you can't get rid of these.
How are you gonna get rid of these people?
How are you going to prove that they're doing what you're saying?
You would have to expose them.
Okay.
All of them.
Both the blue ties and the red ties,
the red bras in the Blue Bras.
Right.
They're all going to collectively get together and be like,
this guy's gonna make us all look like fucking scumbags.
We're just not going to work with,
I mean it was just a bunch of bull.
It was a bunch of shit.
It's just not,
you're not going to do that.
That's not how the town works.
You're not the boss.
You can't go,
you're fired.
You have to run shit by people and then they're going to be cons.
They are,
they will.
All Democrats are already going to be a cunt to you because you wear a red tie
and they're going to do the exact same shit the Republicans did to Obama where
they're not going to work because you were a different color.
Tie
you to come in and you're going to give some Tufts speech.
You know,
he should have been standing there holding like a,
like a piece of a two by four,
you know?
I don't know.
It was like,
it was very,
um,
you don't,
when you're watching a movie and you're enjoying a movie,
then all of a sudden they just remind you that,
oh,
this is just the fucking movie.
Cause you go,
you know that that would never happen.
That's what that speech look like to me.
But I didn't see it.
I didn't see that either.
I just watched the highlights.
So you probably say,
well bill,
why didn't you see anything this weekend?
You know why?
Because I had something a little more important in my life that happened.
Okay.
I had to watch the New England Patriots Win The AFC championship game.
There was a battle this weekend.
People,
and I don't mean women and people without voices standing in the rain wearing
berets
or a prisoner,
jumpsuits,
whatever the fuck somebody was wearing on that day.
You know,
it's funny,
my daughter's speech is the amount of people milling around in the background,
not even listening,
smiling,
look and listen for a couple seconds.
You'd throw your hand in the air and then you just go fucking schmooze with
somebody else.
It was a big fucking Hollywood party and I can say that cause I watched three
minutes of it.
Um,
there was another battle going on here.
People and this,
this isn't,
by the way,
this isn't like an anti Trump thing.
This isn't an anti woman thing.
It's just one of those things of like what the fuck is everybody getting so
excited about?
Are you ready?
I said,
are you ready?
And they're all going yes.
And it's like,
for what?
What are we doing?
Where are we going?
What's going to happen?
We're going to walk up there.
We're going to chance some shit.
Okay.
You think if they walked up,
let's say the walked up to the White House,
cause I don't know where they went.
Let's say they all start chanting.
Okay,
Donald Trump is in there.
Okay.
First of all,
me as a civilian.
Okay.
I can go to a best buy and I can get a pair of those Bose noise canceling
headphones and I can press a button and I can't even hear a fucking jet engine.
Yeah.
That I'm on.
Or The guy talking too loud on his cell phone.
I can just press that fucking thing and it's over.
Okay.
And I'm just a citizen.
Can you imagine the pair of Bose fucking headphones that you get handed when you
become president?
Okay,
so you don't have to hear the chanting of the disenfranchised.
Right.
I bet you can't even see them.
You know they fit right underneath this to pick not the to pay part.
The part that's still real that the Ben Franklin part of his fucking hairdo.
Right.
Probably just sticks them in his ear.
You know the ladies there,
you'd probably just sat there,
right?
Just with his binoculars on,
you know,
rubbing himself as he's looking out the window.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Oh God.
When did I become such a cynic?
You know what?
I don't,
I like to think it's life experience,
but what are you going to do?
What are we going to do it?
Why do we,
what's going to happen?
Nothing.
Cause we all have to leave.
Well,
I've got to go to work tomorrow.
Okay.
We have to go to Work Bay Bay.
You know it's funny about Madonna's showing up to this one.
It's like,
don't you live in England?
Why the fuck didn't you go to that rally?
I wanted it to blow up the fucking White House.
Oh yeah.
Can I see your passport please?
Did you go through customs first there?
Uh Oh,
Jason's just stay in at the party.
Stay in at the club too fucking long.
Um,
what I'm doing is I'm challenging the images of what is said.
No you're not.
No,
you're not.
You're not,
you're not challenging anything I get out yet,
if she was a guy,
she be that guy at the Christmas party.
You had to,
you know,
those guys who put the tie around their head and it becomes like,
this is their big rebellion like that.
That's who she cheapy that person with the fucking man tits.
Yeah.
You know,
saying wildly inappropriate things to some fucking intern.
Uh,
just walks into work on Monday.
Just has to not look at anybody.
Just close the door to his office and be like,
Oh God,
how long,
how long do I have to just sit,
feel the shame of,
of my behavior.
Last Saturday night.
Um,
anyways,
there was another battle going on.
It was the battle
between the city of Boston and the city of Pittsburgh.
I don't know,
with all the screaming and yelling this fucking weekend,
I don't know if anybody noticed that.
Uh,
yesterday
in the sporting world,
the world that you can actually trust.
Um,
well,
they do give a lot of speeches,
a lot of locker room speeches and everybody actually is on the same team.
Then they go,
I'll go out together and they try to achieve a goal.
Um,
okay.
The Boston Bruins and the Pittsburgh penguins played each other on the same day
that the new England patriots and the Pittsburgh Steeler place.
Now I know it,
if you're not from this country or if you just can't,
you can be like,
well,
I mean it's a really,
do Boston is the Bruins not the patriot.
You guys know why the Patriots called the New England patriots?
This is really actually a sad tale about this team.
We were the Boston patriots initially.
And what ended up happening was,
uh,
because you know,
they were in the AFL and it was an upstart league and,
uh,
all the talent,
a lot of talent was in the NFL.
Nobody really gave a fuck.
So in an effort to try to get more fans,
they switched from Boston.
They thought if they said New England,
they could get enough people trickling down from Maine,
New Hampshire,
Vermont,
up from Connecticut and Rhode Island.
Okay.
To maybe fill up a little bit of Fenway fucking park or ever they played
Nickerson fields,
all these places where they played.
That's the reason why.
So anyways,
so the first game,
the Bruins come out right.
And they played Pittsburgh and for half the game we were doing all right.
You know,
after half the game,
it was fucking two to one.
And then I don't know what happened.
I don't know.
I didn't know what happened.
I didn't see the game.
I was,
uh,
you know,
doing some other shit,
but I was watching it on my phone.
It was like two to one.
I'm like,
all right.
The hanging in there,
hanging in there and then I fucking,
I don't know,
I felt like I walked around for 20 minutes.
I look back at my phone,
it was like five to one.
We got fucking smoked.
So,
you know,
people giving me Shit on Twitter going,
uh,
there's one same thing's going to empty patriot.
And I gotta be honest with you.
I had no feeling one way or the other about that game yesterday as far as like
a,
you know,
what do you think's going to happen?
I had no fucking idea.
Nothing was going to surprise me.
Um,
if the Steelers came in and beat us,
it wasn't going to surprise me.
Um,
after the way,
you know,
I would just look bad against the Texans and I was not,
didn't have too much confidence in our offensive line.
And I know Pittsburgh always has like a great defensive line in that type of
shit.
So I didn't know what the fuck was going to happen.
So I was very surprised.
It,
um,
you know how well everything worked yesterday and uh,
just fucking amazing.
And I was sitting there watching the game on this hospital TV,
you know,
and the TV was so fucked up.
It was because,
uh,
you know,
that's fucking hospital TV dude.
Like it has like that.
You don't like those waves they used to do when someone was going into like a
fucking,
like a dream sequence.
That's what it was too.
That's what it was like.
So I couldn't even tell what quarter it was a,
how much time was left and thank God they kept saying what the fuck had score
was cause I can barely see it.
Yeah.
And um,
that's all I did was in the hospital and I was just fucking watching football
games on this fucking TV.
They just had like these lines just,
they weren't doing like the bull,
the wavy thing.
They would just sort of,
um,
you know,
just going from left to right.
We'll just,
and they just just kept fucking going.
I couldn't see what was going on.
So,
but fortunately I was sitting there and I watched the game with my brand new
baby dog
laying on my chest for the old game was one of the fucking greatest,
arguably the greatest moment of my life.
Did I mentioned that?
Did I forget to bring that up?
That old fucking Billy the kid list is finally a father.
Um,
yeah,
my wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
She's perfect.
She's absolutely gorgeous.
And I'll spare you all the cliches,
you know,
that everybody says.
Um,
because one thing I really did learn throughout this whole process,
which is really as the guy you're observing this amazing thing
is that,
uh,
you know,
just don't tell too many fucking people.
That's all I can tell you.
You know,
I know I said it on the fucking podcast,
but I don't run into you guys.
I mean in your life,
don't tell too many people you have in a fucking kid because I swear to God the
amount of misinformation or even if it's good information,
it's like a lot of people don't know how to fucking convey information in a
compelling way.
So you're just sitting there just smiling,
thinking when is this going to be over?
And um,
yeah,
people will fucking,
it's so nuts.
They,
whatever they went through,
they tell you that that's what you're going to go through.
So you end up going in there and you have everybody else's experience in your
fucking head swimming around when the reality is
okay,
this is not their experience.
It's your experience.
And however you react to whatever you do,
whatever you think and all that is fine.
It's your fucking experience.
Cause I was sitting there almost having like an outer body experience thinking
like,
why aren't I feeling this?
Why am I feeling this?
Instead of that I thought I was going to feel this and blah,
blah,
blah.
And I was literally in my head for like fucking,
I don't know,
like 15 minutes.
Um,
so many ways.
that was my fuck.
My was my weekend.
I became a father and I got to see the Patriots go to their unprecedented ninth
Superbowl.
Um,
so my wife and my beautiful daughter come home today I have to do the Jimmy
Kimmel show because I'm,
I'm promoting my next standup special that comes out on Netflix on January 31st
taped at the Ryman theater in Nashville,
Tennessee.
MMM.
You know,
which is home of the original Grand Ole Opry and a legendary place I got to play
at a number of years ago when I did,
uh,
Vince Vaughn,
wild west comedy tour festival thing they have out there in Nashville.
And of course,
like every performer who goes there,
you just fall in love with the place.
It's just a magical place.
So I got to do my special there and um,
you know,
very proud of this one and if you guys can get the word out and just let people
know that,
um,
that,
uh,
that I got a special coming out.
It's on January 31st.
Um,
I don't know how the ratings work on Netflix.
I don't know,
but basically people got to watch it.
If you watch it then it comes up on the thing where people can actually see it
in the Sea of like 20 million shows that they have on that,
um,
worldwide network.
So,
uh,
please tweet about it,
Facebook about it,
social media about it and all that type of stuff.
And I hope you guys enjoy it.
Um,
I'm really proud of this special,
I love the way it came out and all that stuff.
So that's what I got going on in.
Uh,
my wife and daughter come home tonight.
Um,
so that's it.
This is the last time my house is going to be quiet,
but I've been having a great time so far.
I got my fucking diaper changing thing down.
My swaddle game is that like I'd say,
you know,
it's about at 80%.
That's like the biggest fucking thing.
I suck at burping.
I'm not good at debt.
You know what I mean?
Cause I mean there's only so hard you can go on a baby's back before you think
like,
am I,
am I like beating a baby right now?
And I don't want to do this.
So,
um,
anyways.
Anyways,
oh I forgot this too.
I got to see my apologies once again.
Two weeks in a row to the Atlanta Falcons.
I sorry.
So sorry
that I doubt
Jesus Christ,
the Atlanta Falcons look like fucking world beaters.
I had been converted in two short weeks.
I went from,
isn't this the fucking team that had to pump in crowd noise because it was so
quiet at their fucking stadium did they didn't have to do that a couple of years
ago.
Didn't they get caught doing that?
And everybody laughed because it wasn't the New England patriots cheating.
So then it wasn't a big federal offense.
Didn't that happen?
Isn't that the franchise we're talking about here where they got some little
slap on the fucking risks where the Patriots would have got 12 zillion dollars
in fucking fine then in in law stuck a bunch of first round draft picks.
I know.
It's okay.
We got,
we got a little upset for a second cause we saw a little red in the uniform.
Then look all that's not the patriots.
So then it's just sort of funny.
Isn't that this franchise?
Um,
now look at the place.
The place is packed.
Everybody's loud.
And I got to tell you something right now,
80% of the people in that fucking stadium should have been hang in there.
Hang in their fucking heads in shame because where were you?
Where were you when they were bad?
Huh?
You know where you,
where you got damn Georgia fans.
You can't even show up to the Braves when they make the fucking playoffs.
You can't even sell out your fucking stadium.
I don't,
I don't get Atlanta when it comes to that type of shit.
I don't get it.
Like they just stand there.
Not a pro city fucking town.
They've lost two hockey teams,
you know what I mean?
Twice divorced.
They had the Atlanta flames.
Okay.
Right.
Wasn't enough to have Bobby Orr and all these great guys from the 70s comment to
their town.
They didn't give a shit.
They were down the street.
Right between them.
Hedges,
Hey,
wait,
watching some fucking college football.
That's what the fuck they were doing.
And what are the,
what the NHL say?
I,
well,
what,
what were we thinking?
Let's get the fuck Outta here.
And they went to Calgary and became the Calgary flames.
Right?
And then for whatever reasons,
because they're the NHL,
you know,
because they're stubborn.
God dammit,
we're going to put another team and they're 20 fucking years later.
Here you go.
The Atlanta thrashers,
which I've never done it.
I didn't know what the fuck that is.
Thrashes waiver thrashing.
I just picture somebody's shaking their kid,
you know what I mean?
And you're sitting there in the car next to him in the parking lot going,
ah,
at what point do I intervene?
Um,
that should have been their logo.
Right?
Some adults shaken a toddler.
I know that's a bad image,
but it's a tough game.
It's a tough fucking game.
And what happened?
You didn't show up to those either.
So they,
they,
they fucking move them to Winnipeg.
Um,
I'm just fucking with you guys.
And now all of a sudden now they're great and everybody shows up.
You know,
everybody's fucking pointed.
They had everybody's,
you know,
fucking doing that,
that millennial thing.
When your team's doing well and you start fucking vigorously nodding and turning
around at the rest of the crowd.
Ah,
that one drives me up the fucking wall.
The nodding thing
that I think that's sign language for all day.
Um,
anyways,
Jesus Christ,
that fucking team,
if there's any justice in the world,
they're going to go in his Superbowl favorites,
but they're not.
And what's great is there,
they're going to be able to
mmm.
Use that as um,
yeah.
You know,
whatever,
whatever they say to get them hyped.
They don't believe in us and blah,
blah,
blah.
It's not going to be disrespected the falcons.
What it is,
is when the super bowl comes around is when a bunch of people who don't watch
sports show up and they're going to show up and be like,
who's playing in the game?
Oh,
Tom Brady,
the Patriots.
I know who this team is.
The Falcons did.
Are they from Tennessee?
Like people who don't know sports,
we'll know the Patriots and they'll just throw 100 bucks in the game and they'll
put it on the patriots.
Cause that's a fucking team may know which affects the Line Cause Vegas tries to
get money on both sides of the ball.
So that's what's it going to and that's what's going to end up happening.
That's why back with that year when the patriots lost to the giants,
which one?
The first time when uh,
we were undefeated,
that's why we were 17 fucking point favorites.
Not because we were 17 point favorites cause every mouth breathing dumb cunt
that went to Vegas put money on the undefeated team and they were trying to get
money on this.
Um,
the other side of the ball,
and if you don't fucking believe me,
a month earlier we paid,
we played the giants we want unlike at the last drive,
the last second and we let up like 33 fucking points in one by like three or
four,
how a month later you become a 17 point favorite to a team.
A month earlier.
You played in all only one by four points.
If you can achieve,
you can figure out the fucking map on that one.
It's beyond me.
So yeah,
I'm predicting that the Patriots are going to go in,
they're going to be considered the favorites and uh,
but they're not,
I think the Falcons are the favorites and I think this is their year.
I think they're a team of destiny.
Okay.
Now people who are into superstition know exactly what I'm doing.
Cause you're thinking,
hey bill,
you're a patriots fan.
How the fuck would you,
how would the hell could you ever say that?
I got a system.
Your people,
when the falcons played Seattle,
I said Seattle was going to win.
And who won those dirty birds of Georgia dirty,
filthy in bread.
Fucking birds in Atlanta,
right.
Download birds of Atlanta,
of Atlanta,
Georgia.
Right.
Then last week they go to play Aaron fucking Rogers and the Green Bay packers.
And what did I say?
Ah,
you know,
I had a little more respect that I'm going to go with the Green Bay packers
and what are those dirty stinking filthy fucking birds too.
Okay.
They went in there and Greenbay got their asses.
Who
by those glorified pigeons,
right by those fucking seagulls,
by those filthy dirty birds,
that's how much fucking goes on in Atlanta.
You know what I mean?
Even though like logo has a fucking STD right now.
Sorry,
I was a bad joke.
Anyways.
Um,
so I've picked against him two times and both times the Falcons went,
so now that plane,
my team in the Superbowl,
so here's my philosophy.
Now I'm going to pick Atlanta and I'm going to say that they're gonna win.
Um,
I gotta be honest with you.
If Atlanta's getting points,
you're out of your mind,
not the fucking take it.
I think personally,
they're fucking defenses.
Unbelievable.
That fucking Julio Jones is like,
I don't know,
like he doesn't even look like a,
he looks like he's,
he's,
he looks at a full grown adult playing with like high school kids that fucking
pass.
He caught and he just started shredding tacklers and then that last guy gave him
like two or three stiff arms.
I get Jab,
get the fuck out of my face.
Go Fuck yourself right there,
Fred.
Touchdown.
Um,
that guy's a major fucking problem.
They're running back is a major fucking problem.
I'm obviously Matty ice looking like the MVP of the fucking lead.
They get the three headed monster.
Thank gone on our offense and their defense.
I don't know anybody's fucking name.
All I know is the flying around the field fucking up every team that I think is
going to beat them.
So
if they're going to get points,
um,
that's a pretty good bet if you ask me.
So we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
You know what Bella checks going to do?
He's going to double fucking Julio.
Joe Daddy's going to try to do it then I'll let,
should I have no can idea what's going to happen.
I have no idea.
Um,
I've been busy and I'm so happy that my wife is no longer pregnant.
You know,
other dads out there know what it's like in that final fucking,
the final fucking month is just so brutal where it's just like they are so
uncomfortable and there's literally nothing you can do.
A one of the most helpless feelings I've ever had.
And,
uh,
I'm just so happy that now she's on the other side of that.
Uh,
I was as thrilled for her as it was for myself becoming a dad,
just that she date that was over.
Um,
so Jesus Christ,
like I already knew my wife was tough considering the amount of like,
I,
you,
I lose most fucking arguments to our cause she just,
but watching it go through what the fuck she went through.
Jesus Christ,
whole level,
new level of respect for her toughness.
You know what I mean?
Like my wife,
what she went through could literally watch like a UFC event.
It'd be like,
yeah,
these guys are pussies.
So anyways,
where I gotta I gotta read some fucking advertising here.
Don't,
I'm sitting here running my,
Yep.
Um,
all right.
All right.
Where are we going here?
Where are we going to type in my password?
Sorry.
There we go.
All right,
let's get to the,
Oh,
here we go.
Jesus Christ.
Oh,
you know what?
I forgot to bring up.
By the way,
remind me,
I'm going to talk to you about this move that Aaron Rodgers does as a QB.
I didn't see him do it all day yesterday.
I got to talk about,
because I might forget he's got this fucking move.
It's brilliant,
right?
He,
he,
when they do like a seven step drop,
right?
This people rushing in from either side and the tackles a blocking them and you
see that they're going to get around them on the outside and Aaron Rodgers is
just gone far back enough where that's the line to sack him.
So the move all quarterbacks do in that moment is they then step back up into
the pocket.
Okay.
So those guys,
you know,
okay.
Basically the goal around the outside or have to try to go to the inside and
then they're back in front of the tackle.
Okay.
But you know,
sometimes they still break through.
What he does is he starts to step up and he gets between the tackles.
So then those guys who are rushing to the outside then try to make a move to go
to the insight.
And then he immediately,
the second they both commit to go back inside.
He pops back to the fucking outside and he actually with that movement has his
tackles lot lined up with their men.
It's fucking amazing.
He does it all the fucking time.
And you know,
just sat watching Tom Brady,
Jesus Christ.
Did you see that first sack?
The Steeler had were like,
I swear to God it was like Tom,
the batteries,
if he was like a robot,
they shorted out for half a second.
He's just didn't see the guy and then he kinda did like so bloody kind of
freaked out.
Then he spun around and laid down.
He looked like a deer in headlights on that one.
He's just not the most mobile fucking guy in the world,
but everybody knows that.
So,
um,
I don't,
that move is to shit.
And here's something I don't understand that no wide receiver ever does.
You know,
when they do like a fucking reverse,
double reverse or whatever,
and you know,
when the defense is string in and out and it's not going to work,
you can see it's not going to work.
You know and it's just dying a slow death.
I don't mean when you know it doesn't work and the receiver gets the right
there.
Fred obviously tuck the ball away,
but how come when it's dying a slow death.
Why did they start doing this?
Oj fucking dancing around shit.
Why don't they just throw the ball away for an incomplete rather than taking the
fucking five to seven yard loss?
Has anybody ever seen anybody do that?
That that is my,
that's my football question for this week is anybody seen a wide receiver honor
averse and it wasn't fucking working out of fucking nowhere,
right?
Has anybody seen a wide receiver?
Just basically do that play as well is all I'm asking for.
The love of God.
Can Somebody fucking tell me that they've seen that?
I don't understand why they don't do that.
Why?
Why the fuck would you do that?
They need it.
You don't get hit.
You don't lose a bunch of yard bill.
We all right?
All right.
Let me read the advertising here for this week.
Oh Shit,
everybody but up,
up,
up.
Biondi is beyond the fees go up to the bowl.
Doo,
Doo Doo.
To me,
Andy's Biondi and just what you're told by Bill Bell love fucking check.
He's the greatest fucking couch.
I don't give a heck that he stole some signs and the flight it up ball.
At the end of the day,
those are misdemeanors,
so stopping and currents,
he's the greatest coach of all time.
He really is.
He's the greatest coach of all fucking time.
You know what I mean?
Tom Brady,
I swear to God,
I'm thinking,
I'm finally going to say it might be the greatest quarterback of all time.
This is their seventh fucking Superbowl over 15 fucking years.
You go back in time,
you named
the steel has had their heyday from 74 to 80 and then it was,
oh
right.
People get old,
people get old,
they fucking move on and then you gotta get a new group of people and then it
just not as good as the other people.
It's so fucking hard to just keep it going where you stay at that level of
success.
Forget about now with the free agency,
the a league parody and all of that shit that these coaches now have to deal
with.
The fact that just year in and year out,
they just keep fucking doing this is is incredible.
So anyways,
me undies.
All right.
Oh,
Valentine's Day.
Give a gift.
They can unwrap again and again.
Matching underwear from me undies.
Valentine's Day is near and it's go time for thoughtful gift hunting me undies
has you covered with limited edition matching pairs of undies for you and yours.
You know Trump's going to do this with his fucking smoking hot wife.
That's another hilarious thing.
It was the women's marches right down the street and he's fine.
He's in the fucking White House with a trophy wife.
That's fucking the greatest thing ever.
Um,
has Valentine's Day.
Got You stumped.
Does it well,
forget the cliches and give a gift.
It looks great.
Feels great and will make everyone happy.
Me undies.
Fancy.
Fucking dead and chocolate last last night for shots fired flowers last a week.
Oh Shit.
This year.
Give a gift.
Give the gift of looking great and feeling great every day with the world's most
comfortable underwear.
Heads up.
Valentine's Day is February 14th don't panic.
Get your heart on and show some love with me undies matching undies.
All right.
Please include all of the following points during your read.
All right,
me undies are the perfect gift for you and your Valentine this holiday.
They're unbelievably soft and come and limited edition prints me undies.
Know,
you know Donald Trump will get a matching pair of,
he'll have his face on it.
You know what I mean?
I still don't get the matching pair of,
she must,
you know,
you get like it's gotta be boxers and then like ladies' underwear,
right?
You don't have to like,
well look,
we either get two pairs of Panties,
a two pairs of boxes and then one person is just completely turned off and let
your freak,
right?
I don't understand this campaign.
Just going to keep reading it.
All right?
Me undies,
those that your special,
someone deserves a special fabric,
which is why their underwear is made exclusively out of modal,
modal,
a fabric.
What the touch three times softer than cotton.
Okay,
me.
And he says special limited edition Valentines undies,
which means you and your Valentine's can match.
Okay,
the boy and yeah,
it's as cute as it sounds.
It sounds fucking horrific.
I'm getting claustrophobic.
Like I'm trapped in a relationship I'm not even in.
And if for some reason you and me undies aren't a perfect match,
they'll give you your money back and let you keep the first pair.
There is no refund on a bad fancy dinner.
They offer free shipping.
And for a limited time,
listeners to this station get 20% off their first order.
But if you have to go,
but you have to go to [inaudible] dot com slash board with me undies.
Better Day guarantee you have nothing to lose.
So don't wait any longer.
Yeah,
go to me undies.
Dotcom slash bird right now for 20% off your first order.
That's me.
undies.com/burr.
Aw,
look who's back.
Everybody.
Our favorite here.
I'd sold zip.
Are you hiring?
Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates?
Well,
posting your job in one place isn't enough to find quality candidates.
If you want to find the perfect hire,
you need to post all your jobs and the you need to post your job and all the top
sites,
and now you can with ziprecruiter.com you can post your job to 200 plus job
including social media networks like Facebook and
all with a single click.
Find candidates in any city or industry nationwide.
Just post once and watch your qualified candidates roll into zip.
Well,
it's easy to use interface,
no juggling emails or calls your office quickly.
Screen candidates,
rate them and hire the right person fast.
Find out today why Ziprecruiter has been used by fortune 100 companies and
thousands of small,
medium size businesses.
And right now my listeners can post a job on zip
job for free by going to ziprecruiter.com/bird that's ziprecruiter.com/pro one
more time.
Hey.
Okay.
Try It for free.
Go to zip,
Dan craddock.com/berm all right.
How many more of these fucking things?
Two more,
right?
stamps.com always the fucking headliner,
I believe,
right?
They were always the last guys.
What do we got left?
What do we got?
Low Code.
We got two more.
We've got two more.
Let's,
let's blow through it.
Okay.
Blue Apron.
Everybody.
Oh,
you're hungry.
We'll sit the fuck down and listen to this.
Not all ingredients are created equal,
fresh,
high quality ingredients make a real difference.
So it's important to know where your food comes from.
You know those people across the street that always wears sandals and they're
always going down to farmer's markets,
right?
You want to go down there,
you want to get the good fucking ingredients,
but you don't want to go down there smelling all those feats,
right?
Feats.
Yeah.
If the all them feet.
Thank God.
Well,
what does this the fucking place style?
I don't want to smell that shit when I'm looking at fucking a Rutabaga.
All right.
Blue Apron.
Talk about your personal experience.
I have no experience with them.
Okay.
I don't fucking test out the products.
My,
my fucking podcast guy,
Andrew tested him out.
He tested it out.
He said it was fucking delicious.
All right,
and I trust that man's taste buds.
All right.
For less than $10 per person,
per meal,
Blue Apron delivers seasonal,
seasonal recipes,
seasonal recipes.
They're thieves and it's squash along with proportion ingredients to make
delicious home cooked meals.
Choose who?
A variety of new recipes,
peace each week.
All that blue aprons culinary team surprise you.
Is this a horse
race?
Peas are not repeated within a year,
so you'll never get bored.
Customize your,
your recipes each week based on your preferences.
Why won't we eat horses in this country?
Will lead fucking cow a right.
We'll suckle from a cow will eat it's fucking ball,
his brother,
but horses,
we won't eat them,
but we'll get on their backs and ride them.
I think that that's what it is.
Somebody gives you a ride to the store.
You can't turn around and eat them.
You know what I mean?
Unless you Jeffrey Dahmer.
Blue Apron has several delivery options,
so del livery options,
so you can choose what fits your needs and there's no weekly commitment.
So you only get deliveries when you want them.
Each meal comes with a step by step,
easy to follow recipe card and pre portion ingredients and can be prepared in 40
minutes or less.
Blue aprons,
freshness guarantees,
guarantee promises that every ingredient in your delivery arrives ready to cook
or they'll make it right.
Check out this man,
this week's menu and get your first three meals for free with free shipping by
going to blue apron.com/burr you will love how good it feels and tastes to
create incredible home cooked meals with blue apron.
So don't wait.
That's blue apron.com/burb blue apron.
A better way to cook
and I ran everybody.
stamps.com
okay,
this is new copy.
All right,
I use stamps.com anytime I sent out my posters of how many whoring myself out at
the end of my shows,
like Madonna going to a march and singing one of her hits.
That's one of the greatest fucking things I've ever seen
and I'm not here for myself.
I'm here for you because I am one of you.
This is my first protest.
I've ever been to.
I guess in a way you can kind of say that.
Um,
like a virgin.
Okay,
come on.
Like a virgin
downloaded on iTunes.
Um,
postage rates have gone up again.
That means trips to the post office.
Post offices post off office are even bigger,
a bigger hassle.
Man,
it's so crowded,
man.
Thanks to stamps.com you don't have to worry about it.
Just use stamps.com to automatically calculate and print the correct amount of
postage for every letter or package you sent.
stamps.com breaks all the services of the U s postal service right to your
fingertips.
They'll send you a digital scale,
automatically calculates exact postage stamps.com we'll even help you decide the
best class of mail based on your dates.
stamps.com saves you money.
They give you postage discounts.
Uh,
you can't get it to post office including 3 cents off every first class stamp.
Right now,
use my code burr for this special offer,
four week trial,
including postage and a digital scale.
Don't wait.
Go to stamps.com.
Click on the
microphone@thetopofthehomepageandtypeinburpeeyouareareatstampsdotcomandtoburrandsignuptodaywithstamps.com
you'll never have to go to the post office again.
Okay.
Hey,
did I tell you guys I tried to make some beef residual the other day?
Um,
that's not fucking easy thing to do.
I don't know if,
can I tell you I came out if I told you then on Thursday,
I think I did.
I did.
I finally figured it out.
My recipe.
You got to slow cook it for 90 minutes,
not 60 minutes.
Or I have to learn how to tenderize meat a little bit better.
I need to learn at a beat the meat a little.
You get it at a little jerk up joke there.
Sorry.
All right,
let's,
um,
did I talk about everything I wanted to talk about in the podcast?
I believe I did.
Um,
you don't fucking layers is,
my wife keeps telling me to go to the firehouse to make sure the fire station to
make sure that the,
the,
the kid's seat is put in correctly,
which I think it is.
I mean,
I fucking good,
but I think a bunch of,
you know,
I try to rip it out.
I couldn't rip it out,
you know what I mean?
And I think my fucking arm,
so just as strong as a two car accident,
right.
So I've gone over to the firehouse twice,
the one in my neighborhood.
I've been over there to fucking times.
Every time I've ever gone by that park and firehouse,
the trucks are there.
Somebody has fucking Washington.
Every time I go by the house,
the two fucking fire house,
nobody's there,
trucks are gone.
I'm ringing the doorbell and there's nobody there.
And I'm sitting there thinking,
well,
maybe at least the guy who makes the fucking Chili,
he doesn't hang back.
The second time I went there to the fucking TV was on.
So I dunno.
I've been driving around in my wife's car,
which I didn't like it first.
You know,
all these fucking cars,
this shape,
like dinner rolls,
they all look the exact fucking same.
And uh,
but now I actually actually kinda like it.
You know,
it took me a minute,
you know,
it's a fucking Bronx car.
What are you gonna do?
Um,
anyways,
let's,
let me read some of the,
uh,
the questions for this week that I'd fucking copy and paste them that I at least
do that for the love of Christ.
Now,
I didn't,
of course not.
Why would you do that bill?
If you did something like that,
then that would mean that you were actually fucking paying attention.
All right,
let's just read them from here.
Okay.
Weight loss slash fat shaming.
Hey there,
Billy bassinet.
I actually know what a bassinet is now.
A congrats on pregnancy.
Uh,
and you and the Lovey Neil will make pretty good parents.
That's hilarious.
I'm emailing you because I wanted to thank you and Joe Rogan for all of your
shit and enabled me to lose 120 pounds.
That's a whole person I started back in November of 2015 through.
That's amazing.
And I've kept it off and continue to get to my goal of 220 pounds.
I was three 57 when I started.
He goes,
that's a fucking plane.
Well,
it gets a gun,
isn't it?
Three 57 magnum.
Uh,
anyway,
thanks for,
uh,
for the shame and motivation.
You freckled con good luck and best wishes to you and your growing family 2017
in the coming years.
Oh,
and by the way,
go fuck yourself.
Uh,
in the best way possible.
Think Stranger.
I,
you know what that meets anyways.
Oh dude,
that's great.
I'll,
I could use some advice because I've been,
um,
during the last few weeks,
I should really say like the last two months of Nia score deal is what I'm going
to call it.
Because it was not a,
like pregnancy is a fucking ordeal.
You're sick the first fucking third and then there's this,
you know,
I have this storm the second trimester and then the,
it's just like,
it's fucking horrible.
You know,
if you don't have any sympathy for your wife during the pregnancy,
you're not in love with her.
You fucking married the wrong person.
I can tell you that.
So anyways,
um,
okay.
Anyways,
yeah,
I've been,
I put on some,
I put on a little bit of weight,
nothing too crazy.
I can't pit in the fucking elliptical,
but I just kept making comfort food.
Um,
and then what would happen was,
you know,
she eat a little bit of,
it's sort,
sorta like it,
and then all of a sudden would just be totally for whatever reason,
hormonally would be totally turned off by it.
Like the next fucking day.
And I made enough for two people and I'm not going to throw it out,
you know what I mean?
So I got to fucking,
I got to finish it.
You know,
I ate almost a whole shepherd's pie myself.
If this beef bridgewell she,
she goes too heavy.
She couldn't deal with it.
So yeah,
he's supposed to have red meat a couple of times a month.
I've had it four times this week.
Um,
but you know what,
I finished the day with the salad.
I never make myself salads either.
Um,
I just,
I just never know what the fuck to put in them.
You know what I mean?
And I finally just,
I just started with basics,
right?
I go to the grocery store,
this is what I've been doing lately.
It's been working for me as I go there and I'd get that prewashed fucking
lettuce that they have in there,
you know,
cause
okay.
You know,
basically what happened,
a few people had to die by unwashed fucking lettuce.
Now they wash it up for us.
So you get that shit.
Okay,
I get three different colored peppers,
green,
red and the orange.
Right.
I cut those fucking things up,
cut up some cucumbers,
throw all of that in a bowl.
Then I got some tomatoes on the vine in a bowl outside the fridge and a little
parmesan cheese.
And then I just have everything all chopped up and ready to go pre shredded
fucking Palmer,
John and all that.
So then at night when I get hungry,
before I do something stupid,
I just make a quick fucking salad,
a little bit of the Paul Newmans fucking Balsamic vinegarette on it.
I make a face like I don't want to fucking eat this.
And then a couple of bites in.
Yeah,
you're into it.
It's over.
You get it go.
And it's like trying to fucking write a term paper back in the day.
He kept putting it off,
putting it off.
Then when you finally sat down and you just fucking did it.
Same thing with Dina Salad.
I try to do that.
You know,
if I'm going to eat past seven o'clock.
MMM.
I tried to have that and then I have like a scotch.
It's the Ron Burgundy,
um,
diet or whatever.
Um,
all right.
Work Meeting.
Uh,
dear Billy red tank.
That isn't the one that the clients I work with have a task me to share an
inspirational quote or poem during our bimonthly team meeting.
Sorry,
concept working with asked me to share an inspirational quote or poem during our
bimonthly team meeting.
Oh my God.
Well,
if there's ever a sign you've got to quit this fucking job.
Personally,
I'd rather tell them to go fuck themselves,
but since this would be frowned upon,
I find myself in need of your expertise.
Do you have any inspirational quotes that you can share with me?
So that I can keep pretending that I'm not dead inside.
Uh,
dude,
you're not dead inside what you are as you're an intelligent human being who
knows that this is silly and you're sick of being traded,
treated like a fucking child.
This is like some shit that like when I was still in school,
you know,
and had to sit there with my hands folded on my desk.
Dude,
I swear to God,
the,
the corporate world is so fucking cold and so out of touch with like how human
beings even fucking work or they totally understand it.
And this is how they just break your spirit.
You know what it is,
is you probably,
you guys have these mind numbingly boring fucking
jobs,
right?
They probably don't pay enough money for you to be fucking excited by it.
So now what they're going to try to do is have you,
uh,
you know,
go out and they won't even do it for you.
They won't even come up with like a fucking,
you know,
their own like little,
uh,
you know,
like the Raiders just win baby.
You know what I mean?
The cubs.
Let's play too.
They can't even come up with around this is,
this is their fucking job.
Well,
look,
you know what you have to do,
but what I would love for you to do is write your own fucking poem where it all
rhymes and you just trashing this thing,
whatever the fuck this exercises,
what rhymes with clients.
Let's see.
One of the most exciting plays in baseball is when a speedy here lays down a
bunt.
I am dead inside.
I don't like this job
and certainly not working with you cunts.
Uh,
consider this my last fucking day.
Don't worry,
I don't have a gun,
but I would like to say fuck all of you and your mother's too.
Okay,
now I'm out of a job.
I,
I don't know what I'm going to do.
And then you just leave.
Go on and get drunk.
I don't want,
I don't know what the fuck.
All right,
dog wins marathon.
Hey Billy.
Probably a debt.
I am.
I'm a father now,
which means I now get to fucking act like I know things that people who don't
have kids,
no,
don't know,
whatever.
You know they do it or you don't understand.
You don't understand.
Your baby's looking in your eyes.
Shut up.
You didn't wear a condom.
All right?
That is your fucking big.
That's what,
that's what you did.
All right.
Stop acting like you walked in the mood.
Oh,
do you have a baby?
Oh my God.
What is that?
12 billion of those fucking things.
It's like saying you have a hat.
All right,
dog wins marathon.
Hey Billy,
probably a death thought you liked story.
Uh,
but it's my head thought you'd like this story.
A dog left his house and started running a marathon and ran alongside runners
and finished the whole thing.
He finished seventh.
Congratulations.
Get the fuck Outta here.
Now I have to watch this video.
He ran the whole fucking,
no,
he didn't.
Luda vine,
Lord the vine.
The ran the entire 13.1 miles without a leash or human companion.
Okay?
First of all,
13.1 miles is not a marathon.
Oh,
half marathon.
Sorry.
See,
other misinformation starts.
He fucking called in a marathon and then I start blaming CNN.
Yeah,
dog wins marathon.
He want half a marathon.
See,
you already started the lie.
Give Cpr after running a fucking marriage.
Don,
a runners in Alabama may have bitten off more competition than they anticipated
in a race earlier this month.
All right,
now it makes sense cause I was like,
who,
what kind of a fucking dog owner would leave his front door wide open and the
God damn thing just runs out.
It runs fucking 13 miles away.
Oh,
obviously somebody in Alabama,
a dog finished in the top 10 in the elk Mont half marathon.
The trackless train trek on January 16th and has been quite the Internet
sensation.
What is a trackless train trek?
They used to be trained tracks.
There
was this,
the underground railroad is,
this is how the slaves got out of there.
Yeah.
You know,
we laid him daily,
escaped up this way,
but we could,
we blocked it off.
Now we just do a marathon.
Um,
why people only marathon elevate the act like,
like I do it too,
like racist white people or only in the south.
That's not true everywhere.
Um,
Lud Vine,
a bloodhound lives nearby and a bloodhound.
Oh,
I fucking love those.
That's an a bloodhound.
Okay.
Oh yes it is.
Baldwin has runs its faces all flying backwards,
so it looks like a fucking retriever.
That's one of my favorite dogs ever.
Oh God.
Damn.
It's making me miss my dog.
All right,
let's plow through this blood vine.
A bloodhound lives near,
by the way,
update on Clio is a,
the new owners sent me a fucking picture and it was up on the couch sleeping
like a baby.
Loving life probably doesn't even remember us because it's a dog and it lives in
the fucking present.
And uh,
so that was,
that was good to see.
But I,
when I saw it I was like,
Oh fuck yeah.
Um,
anyways,
she competed without human or leash.
Her owner doesn't even run.
That's what makes the store.
You know what?
I don't like this story.
Yeah.
I don't like this fight.
I don't like,
this is one of these just like,
let's just go,
ah,
altogether.
Casey,
this is a nice,
heartwarming story for everyone.
Um,
all right,
best man.
Hey Billy Bitch tits.
But that's one of the most popular ones.
You guys always call me that Billy bitch tits.
Is it the alliteration?
I do pushups.
I don't have bitch tits yet.
Um,
I recently proposed to my girlfriend.
Congratulations.
And we're getting married in December.
Uh,
when my lady asked me who I wanted as my best man,
I realized I wasn't close enough to anyone to ask them.
Uh,
I have friends and coworkers and family,
but I'm not really close with them.
Not enough to choose one best man.
Anyway,
so what that,
is this a fucking pitch for a Hollywood movie?
Didn't Kevin Hart have to,
didn't,
this is a Kevin Hart movie.
So with that being said,
what are the chances of you showing up and being my best man?
If not,
can you get me in touch with Joe Rogan?
Thank you.
Where's your,
uh,
where's your wedding going to be at?
Okay.
If I got a Gig,
if I got a gig nearby,
I'll fucking do it.
Okay.
I'll come down.
Whatever you need.
I'll me tell you something about a lot the,
something that a lot of people don't know about Larry.
Okay.
This guy
fucking,
this guy listens to the Monday morning podcast,
start doing the Madonna thing.
I'll just start hyping my fucking podcast.
That's what I'll do.
I'm going to do the Madonna thing.
I want to wear a bra.
I was like,
you know,
when I came here I thought about blowing up this fucking reception area.
Uh,
cause I didn't like the cake.
Why is the groom on the left and not the people read from left to right?
Why is it the lady first?
Um,
Eddie,
I know what the fuck what I do.
I don't know.
Maybe I'll do that.
I have no fucking idea.
MMM
No,
I'm not going to do it cause then I have to go through the whole fucking
ceremony.
I got to present the ring and do all of that shit.
I don't want to fucking do that.
I barely wanted to be at my wedding
even though I had a great time.
That's where I learned about myself too.
I swear to God,
what I fucking learned about myself is the level of social anxiety that I have,
that,
um,
the amount of big moments in my life that if I could just fast forward through
them and get on the other side of them,
I would gladly do it to not,
I mean,
after I have the experience,
I always think like,
well,
what the fuck was I?
So,
yeah,
okay.
You know,
anxious about.
Okay.
And,
um,
I actually,
you know,
by the,
like my wedding was one of the best nights of my life,
but like,
you know,
my wife went into labor and Shit,
I'm driving her over there and everything and,
uh,
you know,
there was that part of me was just going like,
just thinking like,
I hope this is over as quickly as possible.
And it was,
wasn't,
there was like a selfish thought.
It had nothing to do with luck.
I don't want my wife going through any more of this pain,
which I definitely,
there might have been the most emotional I got,
listen to her screaming and fucking pain was,
that was fucking brutal.
MMM.
Anyways.
Uh,
but like,
yeah,
I had this feeling like if I could just like hit fast forward and just be on the
other side of this thing,
I would do it in a second.
And um,
I thought about that like my entire fucking life I've had,
I had,
I had never really realized I had this social anxiety with all of this shit.
Like I just want to,
I just get fucking through it,
get on the other side,
I'm on the other side.
I made it through nothing humiliating happened.
Now I can fucking relax.
I felt like that for like the first,
um,
probably nine years of every standup show that I did,
like the level of relief that I had after,
like once I got on stage I would be fine.
MMM.
And then you just doing your act and then even if you're bombing or whatever,
it's like,
it's,
the clock has started and with every second it's closer.
The event is closer to being over.
You know what I mean?
It's,
it's still waiting and not knowing that's,
that's what is always
okay.
Always fucking given me anxiety.
Like,
I'm the amount of standup shows that I've done and um,
yeah,
impossible situations that you go through as a comedian when you're coming up.
For me it was never,
it was already over by the time I got on stage.
Okay.
Cause now you just go out there and now you just deal with stuff and you know,
he tell people to go fuck themselves.
The plow three till they get you and you look stupid and you feel like an
asshole.
But
okay.
Then you say good night and then it's over and then you could just fucking
relax.
But when you stand in there for me,
for me,
when you're standing there at the side of the fucking stage waiting or
metaphorically,
you know,
go in there.
I mean,
I don't know.
I can't believe this was one of the craziest fucking weekends,
my life.
You know what I mean?
From the women's March to Donald Trump getting sworn in to the Patriots,
go into another fucking super bowl and a becoming a dad was a hell of a hell of
a four days.
I can tell you that.
I Dunno.
Very thankful to be honest with,
you know,
all jokes aside that I finally got to have that experience of becoming a dad
because it was getting to the point of like,
I don't know if I'm going to,
uh,
I don't know if I'm going to get this experience.
And it's,
it's weird.
I feel like I lived my youth straight to my golden years and now I'm the middle
part.
I'm just doing it.
I was joking.
I think I've met you even said this on podcasts.
I'm like living my life like a terantin no movie where it's like completely out
of sync.
You know,
John Travolta is walking by in the background,
you know,
the diner scene in pulp fiction.
My ruining is,
do I still have to say spoiler alert,
even though that fucking movie came out like 22 years ago,
23 years ago.
Um,
anyways,
status the,
uh,
the podcast for this week.
Tune in to Jimmy Kimmel tonight and,
uh,
I don't know what I'm going to do.
I don't know what I'm going to fucking talk about.
All I know is I got the,
uh,
the preinterview coming up.
What were some of the things she'd like to touch on?
Huh.
Well,
can I do the con poem for my podcast?
I don't think so.
Uh,
we shall see.
We'll see how this one goes.
So I'm very excited.
I never done the Jimmy Kimmel show and,
um,
here's something so cool.
That fucking guy is,
I met him one time and,
um,
I think I was down at Lago where I'm going to be bill burn France on January
31st on La Cienega boulevard right down here in Hollywood.
And uh,
he came down to the show to see somebody else and I met him and I started
talking to them about how Bill Walsh wrote this book.
MMM.
You know,
the,
at the height of his,
you know,
just being like the bill Bellacheck,
Vince Lombardi guy of his era,
he was approached to write a book on football and he wrote like,
he,
like he basically showed the outline and he had diagram plays and it was like
you had to be a coach to understand the book and the uh,
the publisher or whatever the,
the company he was doing the book with was basically like going,
dude,
you gotta like
we can't put this book out.
Like you gotta be like a,
you've got to be like a football coach to even understand any of this shit.
How about some pictures of you with Joe Montana,
how about some family stories and blah,
blah,
blah.
And he was just like,
now you want me to write,
write a book about football,
this is it right here.
And he just fucking put out this thing.
So the book bombed as far as not making money with just regular joes,
like even myself,
the amount of football that I watched,
but amongst coaches,
evidently that book became like a Bible.
And if you can find like a hardcover version,
you find them on the Internet.
I think they go for like three,
400 bucks or something like that.
And,
um,
whatever.
I was telling us,
telling Jimmy that story and he was laughing,
thought it was funny or whatever.
And uh,
and I was joking going like,
you know,
I want to actually get that book.
Maybe I'll finally understand the cover two defense or whatever the fuck is a
nickel defense and that type of shit.
So sure enough,
like fucking three weeks later I get this package from Amazon.
It was from,
from him and he actually bought me the book and,
um,
I thumb through it,
dude.
And I'm telling you,
it's like you're,
you,
it's like you've,
you feel like you stole a team's playbook.
Um,
so anyways,
uh,
so,
but I've never been able to do is show every time I tried to do a show,
like something would come up.
So this is my first time doing it and a so tune in tonight,
I'm open,
I'm going to go there and,
uh,
be able to repay them by being a little bit funny on his show.
But once again,
my new standup special walk your way out comes out January 31st on Netflix.
Please tweet about it.
Please let everybody know.
And,
um,
and that's it.
Thank you for listening to the podcast.
I'll talk to you later.
I'll talk to you.
I'll check in on Thursday.
All right,
I see.